I'm from sports to style alia got a very
very pretty picture in the capital over
the weekend and had some rather handsome
company to boot
and after Moody's recent declaration
that Shonda and Aditya were dating for
sure we had to wonder what rather things
about alia and Aditya cutting a rather
striking image on the rap with four
consecutive hits she's Bollywood's a
unplugged girl with me is alia Bhatt
who's just more for Manish Malhotra and
Aditya Roy Kapoor so how was it working
for her Manisha today I think it's a
it's every day actors and actresses
dream to work from a niche one day and I
got to wear this beautiful outfit and
walk or thankfully not fall and
thankfully not you know trip or anything
I managed to walk nicely but I think
that's also the excitement that was
inside me for such a long time to walk
from a nation what about you yeah for me
it's an honor I just said earlier that
your showstopper for Manish Malhotra you
feel like you've gotten somewhere you
know in your career in your light so I
feel very honored to be how's that
because you know you have Manish
designed for I think this is the second
generation of actors you are designing
for the third generation really and so
are you know what is the biggest
difference you see when you strive for
someone like as young as alia and
additive well I think that they are
being very very sweet I mean saying you
know things like honor and and aliens
being extremely sweet so I think there
are lovely people and I've known a
detail when I was doing action replay
with Aishwarya and I met him and he was
always very very warm very sweet I
thought really stylish and and then
suddenly you met him and yet completely
changed his look so to me that is like
the most interesting thing that one can
do and ready to men get that right and I
thought he got it right so it was quite
a cool thing and with Ali Aviv senior
from a Student of the Year she's our
alia and all of us who work together and
I think from I think the first day when
she tried her outfit and she's in my
house and the blouse wasn't fitting and
she said I think we could do this and I
could adjust the strap and I came on
into a current my god she's so she's
intelligent and she's all there and
she's lovely
and was it nerve-racking for you today
walk in the gram you get a little
nervous but being Amish is good because
that keeps you on your toes and you feel
like okay you was the zyggie zyggie
ceiling insider which is always very
good but you've done it many times I'm
gonna actually done it many times over
three times before this and all three
times I was very very nervous and this
time even more is a big show and I was
telling I didn't think he was not that
stress I stressed him out little person
you know the very big show Jersey why
you didn't you're late right come early
even reverse of an hour you do this you
just put that in an alley are stressing
me out
it's like a typical international show
will I have models or just walking and
walking it and you know I'm not a very
tall human being so I feel like walking
taller and then you don't want to look
up and then you feel like what if you
fall so all these things are there but
it's it's fine once you do it it will be
the fashion icon for you in Bali very
fast fashion I could I
nothing really comes to mind I think
from like I said earlier I think when
unconscious is really well I think he
does think Sonam is always very well
dressed yeah what about you although I
argue too much on Imran Khan I think mr.
Bachchan always has very classical style
you